---
layout: post
title: HRI 2025 Trip & Sustainability Recognition
date: 2025-03-10
inline: false
related_posts: false
---

I traveled to Melbourne to attend **HRI 2025** and represent our team in the Student Design Challenge (SDC). The conference theme, *"Robots for a Sustainable World"*, provided the perfect context for our work on the [community robot](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.5555/3721488.3721822).

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/hri2025.jpg" title="With Supervisors and Robot" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    With my supervisor Prof. Denny Oetomo (Left) and the Neighbor Koala prototype at the conference.
</div>


On behalf of the team, I was honored to receive the **Sustainability Recognition** in the SDC track. This accolade recognized our effort to integrate environmental responsibility with social well-being, demonstrating how robotics can bridge the gap between technical innovation and sustainable urban living.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/hri2025_certificate.jpg" title="Sustainability Certificate" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Received the Recognition for Sustainability for our work.
</div>


During the poster session, I had many insightful discussions with fellow researchers on how we can adapt emerging robotics technologies to better serve daily life. We explored how technical implementations can effectively support complex sociological needs, such as fostering trust and reciprocity in a community.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/hri_poster.jpg" title="Poster Presentation" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Discussing our design with attendees during the poster session.
</div>

For more technical details on the robot's design and our user study, you can check out our [published paper](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.5555/3721488.3721822).