---
layout: post
title: Sharing Our Research on Modeling Higher-order Human Beliefs at CHI 2025
date: 2025-05-01
inline: false
related_posts: false
---

Attending **CHI 2025** in Yokohama, Japan was an inspiring experience. The sheer scale of the conference and the intellectual vibrancy of the community made it a fantastic venue to discuss the future of Human-Computer Interaction.

I had the opportunity to **share** our Late-Breaking Work, **"Modeling Higher-order Human Beliefs Using the Justified Perspective Model,"** during the poster session alongside my student and first author, **Wanchun Li**.

As the supervisor of this project, it was incredibly rewarding to support Wanchun in driving this research. Our work explores the feasibility of anticipating higher-order human beliefs through a generalizable formalization using the **Justified Perspective Model**, a concept borrowed from epistemic planning. You can read more about the technical details in our **[published paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3706599.3720223)**.

The conference theme, **“生き甲斐 (Ikigai),”** resonated throughout the event. Beyond the sessions, it was a pleasure to connect with colleagues and enjoy the culture of Yokohama.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/chi2025_poster.jpeg" title="CHI 2025 Poster Session" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="lazy" path="assets/img/chi2025_mascot.jpeg" title="CHI Mascot" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Left: Presenting our research with my student Wanchun Li. Right: The adorable CHI 2025 mascot.
</div>

A huge thank you to the organizers for creating such a welcoming environment. I left feeling energized and looking forward to the next steps for this research.

---
### Bonus: A Musical Detour

I actually arrived in Yokohama a couple of days early to catch a special event at **K Arena Yokohama**: the *MyGO!!!!!×Ave Mujica Joint Live "わかれ道の、その先へ"*. As a fan of the *BanG Dream!* franchise, seeing the "battle of the bands" live was an incredible way to start the trip.

And of course, you can't spell **CRYCHIC** without **CHI**! A fitting start to the conference week. 😉

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="lazy" path="assets/img/mygo_live.jpg" title="MyGO!!!!!" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="lazy" path="assets/img/avemujica_live.jpg" title="Ave Mujica" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="lazy" path="assets/img/sumimi_live.jpg" title="sumimi" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="lazy" path="assets/img/crychic_live.jpg" title="CRYCHIC" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    The complete lineup at K Arena: MyGO!!!!!, Ave Mujica, sumimi, and CRYCHIC.
</div>